hey everybody I am back and I am happy
to be back I've missed you all so so
much a lot has happened but I will
update you on all that in a little okay
I'm starting off with the cover blush
pink from Nova ink I put a medium-sized
bead in the center of the natural nail
and I'm just brushing down it really
doesn't matter the shape that you leave
on the bottom because we're gonna add
the glitter mix on the bottom and it's
gonna be like a gradient effect okay now
on the cuticle area I do add a smaller
wetter bead just so it can blend into
the natural nail always remember to
angle the finger at a 45 degree angle
when you're gonna get close to the
cuticle area once again I'm gonna show
you I put a medium sized bead on the
natural nail and the first thing I do is
I seal it in to the natural nail when I
say seal it what that means is that I'm
blending the acrylic into the natural
nail so you can't tell when the natural
nail ends and when the acrylic begins
you know that's that's what I mean when
I pat down and I'm sealing it I'm
blending it into the natural nail that's
gonna help it look more natural and
that's gonna avoid any lifting problems
okay and then what I do is I just do a
cuticle area and make sure not to touch
the skin this mix is beautiful I loved
this mix it's very very shiny it's
called cotton candy I will have it for
sale in my online store about my online
store well before I get into that let me
just explain um I put just one beat and
I lightly like if you're polishing the
nail you're gonna brush of it
brush up and let the glitter just look
gradient onto them now okay and then I
added one more bead to the tip just to
give it a little more fuller glitter
look and then that's when I give the
shape the square shape okay I'm gonna do
that once again it's very very easy
after I do the glitter and I'm sorry for
the blurriness I'm still learning you
know how to handle this camera so just
be patient bear with me bear with me as
you can see I put the bead I brush up
and just leave it up to where I want it
and then that's I start shaping again
okay and after this I'm going to cap the
nail if you don't need a lot of clear
acrylic you don't need to make it look
too bulky because if you add a lot of
clear acrylic you're gonna be filing the
nail you're gonna be spend a whole hour
filing your nails so you do need a
little bit you just need enough to
protect the glitter mix that's all we
need to do that's all the caffeine is
doing in this in this set which is
protecting the glitter because you don't
want to file off the glitter okay when
when it comes time to filing so we're
just gonna put a small to medium sized
bead on the tip and then brush up all
we're gonna do is protect the glue okay
about my online store because I received
so many questions and my facebook on my
Instagram it's going to reopen in the
next couple of days it's been closed for
a while because there's been so much
going on in my personal life and as many
of you know if you follow me on
instagram or on facebook I am expecting
a baby I'm seven months now and all is
going great we're very happy I'm excited
for this new addition to the family and
that was one of the reasons why I
stopped for a while and you know with my
videos and my online store and the
biggest change has
recently I just moved from California
because I I was born and raised in
California and now I'm living in Texas
and I'm very happy for this big change
and my whole family were very excited to
be here so that has been going on and
that has been why I've been so absent
from my youtube channel and my online
store so I want to take this time to
give a special thank you to all my
subscribers all my followers on here on
YouTube on Instagram on Facebook for
being so patient with me and for not
forgetting me and sending me messages
comments and I wanted to take this time
to thank you all for that and I'm back
and I'm hoping to we open the online
store if not tonight
and today is Wednesday April the 23rd so
if not tonight
it will be you know in the next couple
of days Thursday or Friday for sure so
just be on the lookout for that if you
follow me on Instagram I'm going to post
it on the I if you follow me I have a
Facebook Instagram and Twitter but I
post mostly on my Instagram and
everything that I post on Instagram
automatically goes to my Facebook and my
Twitter so if you have an Instagram that
is the link to all my social medias are
down in the description box so follow me
so you know we can stay you can stay
connected with me what I'm doing here
now is adding the UV shine from Nova ink
I added just a little bit of primer on
the cuticle area not touching the skin
just the acrylic nail what that does is
it helps the gel lasts longer and not to
live and I will have this mix cotton
candy for sale in my online store ok so
thank you all so much for watching I
love you guys and I really hope you
enjoyed this tutorial if you have any
questions leave them down below in the
comments thank you so much